After the road to longevity is complete
I will live forever
The Dragon Kingdom is mine
The world is also floating at my feet
Hahahaha
Lu Gongzi
Xiaoyu is willing to saddle the horse and dry the land for you
Well done this time
It's better when it's done
Thank you Mr. Lu
Looks like it's in that trash can
The road to longevity is more important than the two of you.
Lu Shengyu, what are you doing to me?
Have a little fun
Chu Tang doesn't need to ask them
Luming will make them pay
Shut up, a swept-out trash
Also want me to pay the price
teachable
You think you're using dirty tricks
Can you make Lu Ming submit?
Ridiculous, but I am the Dragon King haha
Ha, what if I am the Dragon King?
In Dongying, the god-man Hades
The god of death, Heras, is really in front of the peerless powerhouse
Even if the gods descend from the earth
Weed little dragon
So you already knew
Prince Lu, are you right?
No matter how severe that psychopath is
Dare to go against the prince
The end must die today haha
Okay.
Since this waste is reluctant to live forever
That prince is welcome
It's not that you let me go